and the great shot there of the trophies
as we wait the start of the men's
doubles final and it's a great welcome
my dear friend Charu Sharma ready you
had a wonderful time hope you did too I
think we are now ready yes Charu a real
wonderful week you open up the doubles
final if you love burgum on the game
points to the Swiss French pair is the
opening game of the doubles final ok
last way to wrap around 80 so Rico is
very impressed with what bar rinka was
doing yesterday and I know the to an
extent he may have been taking some
frustration out or just going for broke
at the start of the second set but its
keenness to stay in there and to win and
to allow Benoit paire to also make it to
a final was truly one camo
nice easy game an opening game the
bergamont serve hold it very comfortably
Rico did you say one or half hours okay
the spa makes me change and wonderful
field by pair setting it up if i define
beautiful return of serve and then
lovely touch sharp angle backhand cross
court in a wonderful reviewing by stan
wawrinka with that rick rick warren
compare win the first set six games to
two in 27 minutes of play
Weingarten would look at that backhand
volley I'm surprised that Burger man
will come across
just
not their day at all today the Germans
not being able to keep a second ball in
play very quick doubles final so far
more Inca and Benoit paire serving for
the match very cleverly placed overhead
by the French fun gives them to
championship points
getting the crowd all worked up here and
you need 6251 and 4015
meant for the bomb down the middle one
championship points here with a good
return by the German straight and more
enjoyed the net
neck
again let's in the last couple of games
two or three on the bergamont burgerman
serve and again a couple on penn wop ass
off
winded men's doubles at the SL chin I
open 2013 straight sets 6-2 6-1
whoa
they acknowledge the crowd here in June
I
french flag being waived by then why is
it that we cannot hear you down on the
court did you enjoy the tournament much
better a big thank you to all those who
made the tournament possible this year
particularly you the people of Chennai
and those of course watching on
television Thank You Charu that was the
ceremony of the doubles final